at one point in this downtown room he started doing
very very hot
it was the screams of Leo in Toulouse
the concert started like that
karabagh directory kusturica soundtrack the slip of the mercedes
alternative rock fire
a strong accent that he
all this now classic that ignites the public
the last album of the group brothel of luxury and taxes pietrus of the voyage
not quite at the beginning
4 points distance
it would be pregnant
but I'm coming from his rich experience of
the Malagasy are gone
djoudi
new teachers
we knew the new family instruments
the voted budget
accustomed to casinos
they are people with whom we already know more
we have seen battles to be able to start moving again
at the peak of their art
the identity of the group according to its cell
shift
really different areas
of the history of the bosc group
govou leroy sn
it's the singer
actually it must be built so much that to sing
capacities
this collective with the aspirations of freedom
his texts engaged the screams of leo officials like
college students
knowing that the person who writes she already knows more or less than they think
his colleagues so because we discuss this change
we do not feel like that
after that it's true that on this album love
after the success of the album was no longer text
to engage between the best action movie of the consensus
they do not want us to talk anymore
unless you go behind
click on social help etc
knowing that before
we do not know if you are being read dead
during these last twelve months
but from there
bruno the mayor - lens 1-0 9th
for the good cause
in any case what is certain is that
I consider that as far as we go
a gaping hole
a public speech
you must not make a park
the message capacity
with songs on the program of the songs of
nicolas torso earlier
to grow in fact it's a beautiful song l'oseo
sir 10 oct
the set in production in 2012 the hand to Iran but a song found on
13 years of caravanning
and the Palestinian disc of tactikollective
otherwise the right level decidedly a topic that has the air
on the road of rum
in fact it's the only chance to karim wade
the work is still going on today
for him these drops
as a reminder
so obviously
the screams of léo it is well doors of the building where the southwest
it's their side of the stage
or the pitchoury with m
and to finish
they know their classics on their fingertips